Command short circuit + request id fix (#1490)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fixed an issue where XCode would link the wrong library when building for iOS Simulator. [#1484](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1484)

> - Fixed Command request `AllowShortCircuiting` property being ignored. [#1490](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1490)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `AllowShortCircuiting` property is no longer ignored on command requests. [#1490](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1490)
```
